Primary Orange: #ff6b00
Dark Background: #0f0f0f
Card Background: #1a1a1a
Text Light: #f5f5f5
Text Muted: #9ca3af
Border Soft: #2a2a2a


Headings:

👉 Poppins (bold, semi-bold)

Body:

👉 Inter or Poppins regular

Poppins (400, 500, 600, 700)

Inter (400, 500)

Vishwakarma Institute of Technology


As a senior at Vishwakarma Institute of Technology in Pune, I have built up my skills in computer engineering through my education, experience, and involvement with different clubs, competitions, and hackathons. I have a solid foundation in software engineering, including core and advanced Java, data structures and algorithms, database systems, and API development. I enjoy writing structured, efficient, and scalable code that implements theoretical concepts into working solutions for the real world.


My solution-oriented approach to technology stems from my belief that we can solve real-world problems by creating reliable, adaptive systems that are well-designed. I find that participating in hackathons and other competitive environments helps me develop critical thinking skills and the ability to work well with others and meet deadlines.


I want to grow into a technology leader who can architect and build innovative products, while also managing the technical risks associated with those products, and incorporating AI-driven innovation into the modern software environment. I am committed to continuously evolving as both an engineer and an ethical, strategic thinker.


I don't just build projects. I build projects to make a difference.



1. Below are my actual skills categories divided in 4 parts, SO please use only these skilss, no any changes, Do same for these skills. 
Programming Stack: C&C++: 75%, Java(Core+Adv): 85%, Python: 60%, DSA: 10%
Computer Fundamentals: Object oriented programming:- 90%, Computer Networks & Security:- 75%, Linux/Ubuntu:- 85%, DBMS/RDBMS:- 65%
Industry tools: Git + Version control: 85%, Android Studio: 90%, Visual Studio: 90%, AI agents: 90%.
Soft Skills:- Communication:- 90% Presentations:- 90% Learning speed:- 90%

2. Also lightning effect we added on each progress bar is not running till the end of progress bar its only running in half part, i want to run this effect till the end of progress bar.
3. When skills page opened Title and progress bar are little at bottom means too much header space is visible, looking not good, so need to start from header.

Now do all the things correct.


Now please this is very important move of our portfolio building. Till now we build all the frontend part using html, css, and js for animations and more. As you know our web portfolio will dynamic and easily will be update whenever i want throughadmin panel UI accessible to me only. Now its time to move forward on Backend/server and APIS. I know it is very confusing but i want to learn and build these things to show my portfolio project is full stack. Fo backend i descided to use Express and MongoDB atlas database to store my images, descriptions, updates, and whenever i update or add any acheivement,projects, or something it should be update in the databse and properly fetched on public portfolio page which will be deployement. Deployement is last step. Now we have 3 big tasks, we start first rest will do after, 1. Creating admin panel UI and Authorization with backend help to make our portfolio dynamically updating, the admin panel should show options of achievements, projects or anything ( i will add those updating section later for now do ready our admin panel completely.) 